Copyright (C) 2014 - present by OpenGamma Inc. and the OpenGamma group of
companies.

OpenGamma Maths Licensing.

This project contains code under a number of licenses, a copy of each can be
found in the 'licenses' directory of this project. Unless stated below, all code
within this project is released under the APLv2 license, see
'licenses/APLv2.0.txt' for license text.

Google Test:
This project contains 'Google Test'
(https://code.google.com/p/googletest/) code. The location of this code within
the project is 'external/gtest-1.6.0' and it is licensed under the new BSD
3-clause license, see 'licenses/Google_BSD3c.txt' for license text.

Apache Ant:
The file 'external/ant/junit-noframes.xsl' is from Apache Ant
(http://archive.apache.org/dist/ant/source/jakarta-ant-1.4.1-src.zip) and is
licensed under the Apache Software License v1.1, see 'licenses/APLv1.1.txt' for
license text. The file 'external/ant/junit-noframes.xsl' has been modified to
remove reference to packages. In compliance with the license "This product
includes  software  developed  by the  Apache Software Foundation
(http://www.apache.org/).".

Android:
The file 'include/fake_jni.h' is based on code from Android
'libnativehelper' (https://android.googlesource.com/platform/libnativehelper/)
and it is licensed under the Apache Software License v2.0, see
'licenses/APLv2.0.txt' for license text.

The GNU Compiler Collection:
Binary distributions of this project include the GCC runtime libraries libgcc_s,
libgfortran, libstdc++ and libquadmath, which are covered by the GNU General
Public License (GPL) version 3 with the GCC Runtime Library Exception. Target
Code is created using an Eligible Compilation Process.  The GNU GPL v3 text is
in licenses/GCCv3.txt. The GCC Runtime Library Exception is in
licenses/gcc-exception-3.1.html, retrieved from
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gcc-exception-3.1.html on 02/05/2014. The GCC
Runtime Library Exception FAQ, which clarifies that Target Code produced under
an Eligible Compilation Process may be distributed in binary form alongside the
GCC Runtime Libraries is at licenses/gcc-exception-3.1-faq.html, and was
retrieved from https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gcc-exception-3.1-faq.html on
02/05/2014.

CMake:
The files 'cmake/modules/UseJavaClassFilelist.cmake' and
'cmake/modules/UseJavaSymlinks.cmake' are from CMake
(https://github.com/Kitware/CMake) and are licensed under the the BSD 3-Clause
License, see 'licenses/CMake_BSD3c.txt'. The file 'cmake/modules/UseJava.cmake'
is based on code from CMake (https://github.com/Kitware/CMake) and it is
licensed under the the BSD 3-Clause License, see 'licenses/CMake_BSD3c.txt'.

UFL:
The file 'src/generator/util.py' is based on code from UFL
(https://bitbucket.org/fenics-project/ufl/src/
571866775dcccd0dd3c68fde3a9c18b744fbb667/ufl/common.py?at=master)
and is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License version 3, see
'licenses/LGPLv3.txt' for license text.

The Microsoft Developer Network:
The file 'src/win32/test.manifest' is based on a code sample in the document
http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb530410.aspx retrieved from the
Microsoft Developer Network on 05/08/2014. This file is licensed under the
Microsoft Limited Public License. See 'licenses/MLPL.txt' for the text of
Microsoft Limited Public License.
